java c
6QQMN566 advanced Corporate Finance
Workshop   Questions   - Real   Options   II
Q1.You own a coppermine. The price of   copper is currently $1.50 per pound. The mine produces   1 million   pounds of   copper per year and costs $2 million per year to operate. It   has   enough   copper to   operate   for   100 years.   Shutting the mine down would entail bringing the land up to   EPA standards and is expected   to   cost   $5   million.   Reopening   the   mine   once   it   is   shut   down   would   be   impossible   given   current   environmental   standards.   The price   of copper has   an   equal   (and   independent) probability   of going up or down by 25% each year for the next two   years   and   then   will   stay   at   that   level   forever.   Calculate   the   NPV of   continuing to operate the mine if   the cost of   capital is fixed at   15%. Is it optimal to abandon the   mine or keep it   operating?
Q2.Genenco is developing a new drug that will slow the aging process. In   order to succeed, two   breakthroughs   are   needed:   one   to   increase   the   potency   of the   drug,   and   the   second   to   eliminate   toxic   side   effects.   Research   to   improve   the   drug’s   potency   is   expected   to   require   an   upfront   investment   of   $10 million   and take   2 years; the   drug   has   a   5%   chance   of success.   Reducing   the   drug’s   toxicity   will   require a $30 million upfront investment, take 4 years, and has a 20% chance of   success. If   both efforts   are successful, Genenco can sell the patent for the drug to a major drug company for $2 billion. All risk   is   idiosyncratic, and   the   risk-free   rate   is   6%.
(a) What is the NPV of   launching both research efforts simultaneously? (b) What is the optimal order to   stage the investments?
(c) What is the NPV with the optimal   staging?
Homework:
Q3.You   are   an   analyst working   for   Goldman   Sachs,   and you   are trying to value   the   growth potential   of a   large, established company, Big    Industries. Big Industries has a thriving RD division that has   consistently turned out successful products. You estimate that, on average, the RD division gener代 写6QQMN566 advanced Corporate Finance Real Options IIMatlab
代做程序编程语言ates   two   new   product   proposals   every   three   years,   so   that   there   is   a   66%   chance   that   a   project   will   be   proposed   every   year.   Typically,   the   investment   opportunities   the   RD   division   produces   require   an   initial   investment   of   $10   million   and   yield   profits   of   $1   million   per   year   that   grow   at   one   of three   possible growth rates in perpetuity: 3%, 0%, and −3%. All three growth rates are equally likely   for   any   given   project. These    opportunities are always   “take it or leave    it” opportunities:    If   they are not   undertaken immediately, they disappear forever.
(a) Assume that the cost of   capital will always remain at   12% per year. What   is the present value   of   all   future growth opportunities Big Industries will produce?(b)   Assume   that   all   the   probabilities   are   risk-neutral   probabilities,   which   means   the   cost   of capital   is   always   the   risk-free   rate   and   risk-free   rates   are   as   follows:   The   current   interest   rate   for   a   risk-free   perpetuity is 8%; in one year, there is a 64.375% chance that all risk-free interest rates will be   10%   and   stay there forever, and a 35.625% chance   that   they   will be   6%   and   stay   there   forever.   The   current   one-   year   risk-free   rate   is   7%.
Q4.Your   engineers   are   developing   a new product   to   launch   next   year that   will require   both   software   and   hardware innovations. The software team requests a budget of   $5 million and   forecasts   an   80%   chance   of success.   The hardware team requests   a   $10 million budget   and   forecasts   a   50%   chance   of success.   Both teams will need 6 months to work on the product, and the semi-annual risk-free interest rate is 2%.
(a) Which team should work on the project first?(b)   Suppose that before anyone has worked on   the   project,   the   hardware   team   comes   back   and   revises   their proposal,   changing the   estimated   chance   of success to   75% based   on new   information.   Will   this affect your decision in (a)?




         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
